--- Seite 1 ---
INTRODUCTION  METHODS  RESULTS  CONCLUSIONS  AI - based   Framerate Enhancement in   Coronary   Angiography  TIMO SCHELLHAAS 1 , Johannes Lang 1 , Jan Sebastian Wolter 2 , Samuel Tobias   Sossalla 1,2 ,  Maren   Weferling 2 , Till Keller 1  1   Justus - Liebig - Universität, Medizinische Klinik I, Kardiologie, Gießen, Germany  2   Kerckhoff Klinik GmbH Abteilung für Kardiologie Bad Nauheim,   Germany  Coronary   angiography   (CA),   an   essential   diagnostic   and   therapeutic   tool   in   cardiology,   relies   on  X - ray   sequences .   Optimal   visual   results   are   achieved   through   high - frame - rate   video   sequences  with   the   downside   of   higher   radiation   dose   for   both   patients   and   examiners .   An   established  artificial   intelligence   (AI)   method   in   video   processing   is   optical   flow   estimation   for   frame  interpolation   ( e . g .   RIFE) .   Goal   of   this   project   is   to   transfer   this   AI   method   to   CA   sequences  aiming   at   reduction   of   X - ray   exposure   while   maintaining   smooth   video   quality   by   frame  interpolation .  For   the   first   time,   to   our   knowledge,   RIFE   has   been   transferred   to   CA  sequences   resulting   in   more   fluent   sequences .   The  computed   metrics   as   well   as   the   survey   among   interventional  cardiologists   suggest   that   the   interpolation  process   is   reliable   and   potentially   suitable   for   clinical   use .   Additionally,   a  relatively   low   interpolation  runtime   demonstrates   the   feasibility   of   a   real - time   application .  However,   in   addition   to   data   compression,   interpolation   artifacts   may  occur,   which   must   be   minimized   to   ensure   accurate   diagnoses .  Improving   the   model   by   training   on   a   broad   CA   sequence   database   could  help   reduce   such   an   occurrence .  •   PSNR mean:   29.59   dB  •   PSNR RIFE Publication:   35.61   dB  •   SSIM mean: 0.821  •   SSIM RIFE Publication: 0.978  •   Sensitivity   (all   cases )   :  •   Sensitivity   (10   to   5   to   10)   :  •   Sensitivity   (10   to   20   to   10)   :  •   Specificity :  66 .4%  81.9%  50.9%  92.0%  Huang Z et al. Computer Vision   –   Computer Vision   –   ECCV. 2022  Transferring   RIFE   ( real - time   intermediate   flow  estimation )   to   172   different   CA   sequences   with   10  frames   per   second   (fps)   selected   from   an   established  CA   registry   cohort ,   two   different   types   of   sequences  were   generated :  •   one   by   applying   RIFE   and   removing   half   of   the  frames   afterwards   ( 10 fps   →   20 fps   →   10 fps)   and  •   one   by   the   reverse   order   ( 10 fps   →   5 fps   →   10 fps ) ,  Peak Signal - to - Noise Ratio (PSNR)  and   Structural   Similarity   Index (SSIM)  Survey: „Do   you   have   the   impression   the  shown   sequence   is   computer - edited ?“  PSNR   quantifies   pixel - intensity   differences,   with   values   above   30  dB   indicating   good   image   quality,   while   SSIM   captures   structural,  luminance,   and   contrast   similarities,   ranging   from   0   (no   match)   to  1   (perfect   match) .  The   high   specificity   indicates   that   original   sequences   are   reliably  identified   as   such,   while   the   varying   sensitivities   reveal   that  interpolations   derived   from   5   fps   sequences   remain   partially  distinguishable,   whereas   those   based   on   10   fps   sequences   are  largely   indistinguishable   from   original   footage .  resulting   in   the   first   type   consisting   of   an  interpolated   frame   each   second   frame  while   the   other   type   containing  interpolated   frames   exclusively .   The  quality   was   assessed   by   computing  established   computer   vision   metrics  followed   by   a   survey   conducted   among  cardiologists  PSNR in dB   SSIM  Scan   me !  AI  Posters   don‘t  play   videos .

